README.md, before:

 <p align="center">
      <img src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/59374587/94870148-34b87a80-041d-11eb-85d2-e1e6aac7af28.png" width="200px" alt="https://stories.freepik.com/work Illustration by Freepik Stories"/>
</p>

<h1 align="center">Chat</h1>


<h2 align="center">Topics 📋</h2>

<p>
   
- [About 📖](#about-)
- [Preview 📱](#preview-)
- [Challenges and Learnings along the way 🤯](#challenges-and-learnings-along-the-way-)
- [How to Use 🤔](#how-to-use-)
- [How to Contribute 💪](#how-to-contribute-)
- [License 📝](#license-)

<p>

<h2 align="center">About 📖</h2>
   
<p align="center">   
   A simple Chat developed with Flutter 💙 and Firebase 💛.<br>
   With this application you can chat with people, acessing it via your Google Account, sending and receiving messages and photos, and entering different accounts with each message you send.
   As a backend, I used Firebase, noSQL and in real time, which gives you flexibility, easy development, manipulation and structuring, you can see more on the <a href="https://firebase.google.com/">Firebase Website</a>.<br>
   This application is in version 1.0.
</p>

---

<h2 align="center">Preview 📱</h2><br>

   <p align="center">
      <img src="demos/chat_demo1.gif" width="400px">
   </p>
   
   > * See also in [`demos`](https://github.com/felipecastrosales/Chat/tree/master/demos) folder. 🧐📂

---

<h2 align="center">Challenges and Learnings along the way 🤯</h2>

   <p>
    This application was very challenging for me, but it was very good for my learning about backend, and I loved this experience of developing one on Firebase, which I had heard about, but never created anything, and I was so impressed functionality!<br>
    All these moments of problems only increased my interest in this incredible world of programming, which I hope to secceed and stay focused on, I am loving it! Is sensational!
   </p>

---

<h2 align="center">How to Use 🤔</h2>

   ```   
   - Clone this repository:
   $ git clone https://github.com/felipecastrosales/Chat Chat

   - Enter in directory:
   $ cd Chat

   - For install dependencies:
   $ flutter packages get

   - Run the app: 
   $ flutter run
   ```

---

<h2 align="center">How to Contribute 💪</h2>

   ```
   - Fork the project 

   - Create a new branch with your changes:
   $ git checkout -b my-feature

   - Save your changes and create a commit message telling you what you did:
   $ git commit -m "feature: My new feature"

   - Submit your changes:
   $ git push origin my-feature
   ```

---

<h2 align="center">License 📝</h2>

   This repository is under MIT license. You can see the [LICENSE](https://github.com/felipecastrosales/Chat/blob/master/LICENSE) file for more details. 😉

   ---

   >This project was developed with ❤️ by **[@Felipe Sales](https://www.linkedin.com/in/felipecastrosales/)**, with the instructor **[Daniel Ciolfi](https://linkedin.com/in/danielciolfi)**, in the course  **["Creating Android and iOS Apps with Flutter - Create 16 Apps"](https://www.udemy.com/course/curso-completo-flutter-app-android-ios)** on **[Udemy](https://www.udemy.com/)**.<br>
   If it helped you, give ⭐, contribute, it will help me too 😉

---

   <div align="center">

   [![Linkedin Badge](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Felipe%20Sales-292929?style=flat-square&logo=Linkedin&logoColor=white&link=https://www.linkedin.com/in/felipecastrosales/)](https://www.linkedin.com/in/felipecastrosales/)

   </div>

Commit message:

docs: improve README with new better demo

README.md, after:

 <p align="center">
      <img src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/59374587/94870148-34b87a80-041d-11eb-85d2-e1e6aac7af28.png" width="200px" alt="https://stories.freepik.com/work Illustration by Freepik Stories"/>
</p>

<h1 align="center">Chat</h1>


<h2 align="center">Topics 📋</h2>

<p>
   
- [About 📖](#about-)
- [Preview 📱](#preview-)
- [Challenges and Learnings along the way 🤯](#challenges-and-learnings-along-the-way-)
- [How to Use 🤔](#how-to-use-)
- [How to Contribute 💪](#how-to-contribute-)
- [License 📝](#license-)

<p>

<h2 align="center">About 📖</h2>
   
<p align="center">   
   A simple Chat developed with Flutter 💙 and Firebase 💛.<br>
   With this application you can chat with people, acessing it via your Google Account, sending and receiving messages and photos, and entering different accounts with each message you send.
   As a backend, I used Firebase, noSQL and in real time, which gives you flexibility, easy development, manipulation and structuring, you can see more on the <a href="https://firebase.google.com/">Firebase Website</a>.<br>
   This application is in version 2.0.0, using Flutter 3.7.0 and latest versions of all dependencies.
</p>

---

<h2 align="center">Preview 📱</h2><br>

   <p align="center">
      <img src="demos/chat_demo2.gif" width="400px">
   </p>
   
   > * See also in [`demos`](https://github.com/felipecastrosales/Chat/tree/master/demos) folder. 🧐📂

---

<h2 align="center">Challenges and Learnings along the way 🤯</h2>

   <p>
    This application was very challenging for me, but it was very good for my learning about backend, and I loved this experience of developing one on Firebase, which I had heard about, but never created anything, and I was so impressed functionality!<br>
    All these moments of problems only increased my interest in this incredible world of programming, which I hope to secceed and stay focused on, I am loving it! Is sensational!<br>
    Another challenge I faced was updating the project. Because it had been coded 3 years ago, and the update was not that simple. It was a cool experience and one that brought me good learnings.
   </p>

---

<h2 align="center">How to Use 🤔</h2>

   ```   
   - Clone this repository:
   $ git clone https://github.com/felipecastrosales/Chat 

   - Enter in directory:
   $ cd chat

   - Enter with VSCode:
   $ code .

   - For install dependencies:
   $ flutter pub get

   - Run the app: 
   $ flutter run
   ```

---

<h2 align="center">How to Contribute 💪</h2>

   ```
   - Fork the project 

   - Create a new branch with your changes:
   $ git checkout -b my-feature

   - Save your changes and create a commit message telling you what you did:
   $ git commit -m "feature: My new feature"

   - Submit your changes:
   $ git push origin my-feature
   ```

---

<h2 align="center">License 📝</h2>

   This repository is under MIT license. You can see the [LICENSE](https://github.com/felipecastrosales/Chat/blob/master/LICENSE) file for more details. 😉

   ---

   >This project was developed with ❤️ by **[@Felipe Sales](https://www.linkedin.com/in/felipecastrosales/)**, with the instructor **[Daniel Ciolfi](https://linkedin.com/in/danielciolfi)**, in the course  **["Creating Android and iOS Apps with Flutter - Create 16 Apps"](https://www.udemy.com/course/curso-completo-flutter-app-android-ios)** on **[Udemy](https://www.udemy.com/)**.<br>
   If it helped you, give ⭐, contribute, it will help me too 😉

---

   <div align="center">

   [![Linkedin Badge](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Felipe%20Sales-292929?style=flat-square&logo=Linkedin&logoColor=white&link=https://www.linkedin.com/in/felipecastrosales/)](https://www.linkedin.com/in/felipecastrosales/)

   </div>
